[Music]
hello namaste
Salaam walekum sorry akahl welcome back
to another session with your worship at
war ever calm today I am going to show
you very simple egg bhurji but using
rich God and this is very popularly
mailed because the flavor that you get
after cooking the rich God is very nice
and sweet so dear friends let's go ahead
and learn how to make this rich God and
egg curry add oil take you know foil for
the number of eggs you are going to add
I am going to add 4x so this much oil is
good enough in this add cumin seeds the
cumin seed sizzles add chopped ginger
chopped green chilies you know my spice
it out chop the curry leaves also in
this add chopped onion that should be
enough add a little bit of salt and in
this add pinch of turmeric also in this
add rich God
rich God which has been cut into small
pieces you know for this because we are
going to make it scramble you don't want
this vegetable to be cut big and just
cut small and this will cook in no time
just in one or two minutes this ridge
gourd also will get cooked because we
cut them into small pieces in this add
some coriander powder and some chili
powder this is very simple preparation
you can add your own spices wow this is
good now mixture is already you know
this mixture is so tasty you know just
as is you can mix it with rice and super
enjoy but today we are going to add some
eggs to this so just add eggs and just
scramble just how you make the scrambled
eggs just mix with this laughs and just
in one minute if this all scrambled egg
will be done and you know the reason why
this is a very popular dish is because
of the flavours when you eat this even
if the eggs get slightly dried this rich
quad will remain nice and juicy and that
is the reason and also it gives a nice
sweet flavor to this scrambled eggs
Wow look at this this is perfect and
this is best
Eitan with the Fulco nom chapathi even
with rice this will go fantastic switch
off the flame and and also this is a
great way of giving one more vegetable
to the kids when you make this kind of
scrambled egg with the ridge guard that
will not only give it a fantastic taste
but also will give a nice buttery effect
to your scrambled egg and kids everybody
will love it
laughs this is super I hope you enjoyed
today's session of learning how to make
this Ridge gourd and scrambled egg but
do not forget YY is all about inspiring
others to cook so please post your
recipes and cooking tips so others can
benefit from your great cooking laughs
I'm all into eating this wow thank you
[Music]